{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red196\green26\blue22;\red46\green13\blue110;\red38\green71\blue75;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\hyphauto1\hyphfactor90
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Homework #4 Dec 3\
\
Three things I've learned thus far\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
The term GUI is... so 90's.  It's time for me to update my vocabulary to "UI".\
\
How to use IB. \
\
Universal build is really cool. But a mistake I made was my first Detail view was roll-my-own. It was very simple, \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 but managed to provide a boat load of problems under various universal devices, for a newbie like me.  \
Under some devices, got runtime constraint conflicts.  Then storyboard didn't instantiate a UI in my a view.  \
Since my target is universal, I switched to a standard table view which is worked out for universal. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Any problems or obstacles that are holding me back. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
obj-c\
\
sometimes Storyboard
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\

\b Theory of operation
\b0 \
\
The app is essentially a todo list communicating w a server that\
dispatches manual instructions to the crew such as 'inspect an\
LED', 'flip a switch' and 'read a sensor value'. This app implements\
a subset of existing webapp which runs on an ipad\
browser. The goal is to show how iOS-native capabilities such as\
touch and sound can be used improve crew responsiveness and\
situational awareness.\
\
The user (crew) starts the app.  After app launch, the app queries\
its server for the task list which returns a list, or demo data.\
The ManualInstruction is to be performed by a crew remotely, with\
a "needed by" expiration time. If the needed by time expires, the\
app notifies the server (which handles the expiry, for example by\
executing the step automatically.) For an inspection, the crew\
examines the vehicle component, typically specified by photo.  Most\
but not all inspections return YES/NO and typical expiration times are large, eg 30m.\
\
\

\b Working on now :\

\b0  \
 impl segue to photo - iphone only...how?\
\
 finish action for Done button and switch \
\
 Implement  count down \
\

\b Short list (ranked)\

\b0 \
- Master list sorted by "needed By" time (not done).  If done, needed time is nil.\
\
- This build is universal.  On "short" devices the Prompt/Done view is cut off. Reorder the 4 views.\
\
- If the task expires, app notifies the user with audible / visual warning and withdraws the task.\
\
- make UI more visually attractive \
\
-  icons\
\

\b Would be nice but... (ranked)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 - Persist data with Done state to fileURL in json. \
\
- Upon done, send done data to server URL.\
\
- async image fetch from server\
\
- Crew puts app in background,  app icon is badged with the number of incomplete tasks. Crew\
re launches the background app. After relaunch, app again gets server data.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 - Photo View allows taking a photo\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 - digital countdown UI omits date sections that are zero. Typically\
the values will be only minutes/seconds. \
\
- add animation such as animated countdown with round dial with HH:MM:SS in center\
similar to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.kespia.com/pictures/Animated_Countdown_.jpg"}}{\fldrslt http://www.kespia.com/pictures/Animated_Countdown_.jpg}}\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 - switch provides a default returnStatus.  This is not good because the user could \
tap Done w/out first providing a return verification.  Change this control to something\
requiring a gesture.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
Attribution\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 http://commons.wikim\
edia.org/wiki/Main_Page
\b \
\

\b0 Apple Dev site's sample SimpleDrillDown.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 https://github.com/TCLee/BountyHunter.git , sample for Head First iPhone Development book\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 "version"\cf0  = \cf2 "Since \'a9 2012 David Phillip Oster\\nVersion %@"\cf0 ;
\f0\b\fs24 \CocoaLigature1 \
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 Tiny Questions\

\b0 \
How to set ifdef / DEBUG in launch config?\
\
how to move PublicConstants to data model (implemented this way cause I dont know obj-c)\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural

\f1\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 exactly why \cf3 NSSetUncaughtExceptionHandler\cf0 (&\cf4 onUncaughtException\cf0 ); doesnt usually catch
\f0\fs24 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\
}